End of day 08.23.24

Productive day, was able to carve about 6 hours out, not as much as I had ideally wanted, but life. 
Did a lot of database research, have my seed and schema done, and tables maybe done? Maybe just sketched? 
Watched through 3 class videos, but it was really good review and reminded me of some things. 
Plants class base model done, should be ready to accept some data once I get my ends working. 
Front end is up, and running, no work done yet. Just an empty page ready for dreams.

08.24
    I think I should sink some time post Dday into sessions. I thought it was auth related, but I think it is also database, 
    maybe mostly, database related. 

    Alright. Way too much timme lost on database and backend. Claude thinks it's something with my database link, which kinda makes more sense. 
    need to find that class video, MORE REVIEW! 
    Tailwind. 
    
    Actively trying not to throw up. Terrible day, I am realizing just how much the fire hydrant was unsuccessful. Wow. 
    I truly cannot wait till I can just learn, and not die trying to learn from 4 fire hydrants before Wednesday. 

    0825
    I think Week 13 Day 1 is a good rewatch video. Lots of backend of shrinkray, when we were working with links before we started using the #docs screen
    delving deep in to videos, my action of getting a new plant isn't rendering me a query to actually enter the information, no idea why. UGH. 
    ARRRRRRGGHH THERE IS NO WEEK 13 DAY 2 VIDEO!
    Finally. Week 15, Day 1, 2 hours 13 minutes is FastApi docs
    Wow I don't remember Bruno AT ALL. 

    Alright. I have tried everything. Still will not give me queries. I tried colons (like in the class code-along), nothing. the github example, nothing. Mattermost website, nothing. 

    0826
    Man do I love life. Fucking fuck fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
    28 minutes into using the pattern, nothing is fucking fucking shithole working. HOW. HOW CAN YOU FUKCING NOT FIND THE FUCKING SCIENTIFIC NAME!
    it worked on his machine, same fucking code same fucking system. 
    fuck. 
    FUCK.
    How am I supposed to follow the pattern and not understand the inner workings if the pattern is busted.
    Fuck.

    get plant by id still works. 

    I guess we try to find another, narrow down why ScientificName is being stupid. Or I am. 

    Good grief. Now API won't even load because of indent expectations. Finding new ways to fail every minute!

    Sorta fixed the indent (moved up into the previous line, 
    annoying since I DO NOT like the usability of that. but it won't accept a semi colon or comma)
    So it doesn't recognise commonName. 

    At this point I am wasting time, I have tried at least 4 different ways, and cannot rectify. I hate this. 
    Well, CSS has to happen at some point. 
    My god the way we learned this is brutal. with everything being seperated and phrased weird pattern recognition is NOT A THING. 
    Lot of work needed here, look in depth at CSS after DDAY. 
    I wanted to add a Navbar, make it a separate element, but decided against, it would require a lot of name changing, not worth the risk. 

    I like the footer better, but I CANNOT get the links to move. UGH.

    Holy cow this is confusing. I cannot, for the life of me affect the menu, but all of a sudden if I delete the container, 
    which won't accpet commands, everything moves. text is still pink, despite everything I can find. 

    internet says I should be having periods to start lines, If I add them it gets angry. 
    So I am guessing this is maybe a jsx thing? my structure is jsx not html

    Okay. So found a source that says you are required to 
    return a single parent or it won't compile... is that my problem? 

    comparing my file to the shrinkray shows something interesting, I had no body or main files... 
    make sure not to put font in body

Starting D-Day. 08.27. 
    Starting off, wrote a quick autobiography and getting that integrated. 
    Wouldn't run, for the simple reason I switched from calling it "about" to "meet" at some point. UGH. 
    Still missing something...
    Found a curly. Something else.
    Good Grief. I found it! You can actually navigate to the page. You know where it wasn't? Navbar.

    Need some Photos. 
    Okay. After WAY TO LONG. I cannot find a pattern for the stupid navbar. I think the only realistic way to
    do it is to just break it into a new componant, which I hate, 
    I love the cleanliness, but more names and links, is more things to misspell. 
    WELL. so [Header] had text-align center, and 
    I think it was killing any changes I tried to do for menu. 
    PROGRESS! The navbar (menu) is done. 
    Still working on the boxes for auto page. 

    30+ minutes back on the API side. 
    Guess what. Seans code works, mine does not. FUck. 

    IT"S ALIVE
    
    I would like to deep dive and try to be able to wrap my .joins to different lines. code is messy

    Well, the full hasn't worked yet, fixed a few things, stuck on Date Purchased. the column doesn't exist? 

    